---
title: "CSC 405 - Computer Security"
date: 2025-02-21
draft: false
github_link: "https://github.com/gurusabarish/hugo-profile"
author: "Jaylan Argo"
tags:
  - Offensive Security
  - Shellcodes
  - CTFs

image: /images/projects/CSC-NCSU.jpg
description: ""
toc:
---

## Background

CSC-405 was a class at North Carolina State University (NCSU) built on learning about offensive security. The major topics covered were Low-Level Code Vulnerabilities, Shellcodes, Reverse Engineering, Linux Security, Web Security, and LLM Security.

The class focused on practical application first, where content was mainly taught by showcasing the technical steps &  reasoning leading up to a vulnerability. For example, to learn how to perform Shellcode attacks, we, in order:

1. Learned the necessary steps to create x86 Assembly language programs.
2. Learned to extract the binary values of a program & how to verify the program hasn't been tampered with.
3. Learned to convert only the program's executable bytes into a Hex form like `\x48\xc7\...`
4. Learned to create a custom assembly program to spawn a shell in the current context.
4. Learned how to combine the above to inject a shell into a controlled remote server for execution 

The assignment structure of the course was also unlike any other I had taken. The course was comprised of 4 assignments, each akin to Capture the Flag (CTF) challenges comprised of multiple levels each. It starts off simple and easy to introduce the base concept, but then quickly ramps up in difficulty as you progress. From start to end, 1 hour solves can evolve into 3-5 day solves. The first 3 were hosted directly by the teaching staff and were very fundamental in teaching offensive security concepts to me. The final assignment was to partake in Hackpack's 2024 CTF, which was 


## Work Performed

I am not allowed to post the specifics of the work I performed on each challenge due to content being coursework materials, but I can describe what I performed for each challenge.

### Challenge 1: Shellcodes

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Example HTML5 Document</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <p>Test</p>
  </body>
</html>
```

### Code block with Hugo's internal highlight shortcode

{{< highlight html >}}

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8">
  <title>Example HTML5 Document</title>
</head>
<body>
  <p>Test</p>
</body>
</html>
{{< /highlight >}}


## Other Elements — abbr, sub, sup, kbd, mark

<abbr title="Graphics Interchange Format">GIF</abbr> is a bitmap image format.